fix resume dowload feature: resume PDF doesnt have all the details in preview
auto-fix and populate user's profile when they correct forms
Bug: edit hostories not saved
x Monetize Very Important!
x Profile set as part of Onboarding
x publish extension
x connect frontend url to Extension
x deploy frontend
x connect backend url to Extension
x deploy backend
x Fix search and limit filters to query, location and onsite/remote
x Remove "wmich.joinhandshake" as base url
x Fix "Review prefilled form" UI. finer UI, loading state for "Save chnages" button. Clear indication of Answered Inputs, those that need review. Maybe a button to say "Reviewed". Multi select has bad UX. like the resumeEditor and cover letter, the prefilled forms should be view-only after job is submitted
x Handle more than resume, cover letter and Transcript. Add dynamic forms
x create and deploy mini-backend
x Make Extension use email (Instead of token) and auto-detect
x Redesign the discover page and job details page.
x very Important! handle when user's Handshake's Session token expires.
x Bug: Resume generated have Numbers as skills Categories and empty keywords e.g. "skills": [{ "name": "0", "keywords": []},{ "name": "1", "keywords": []},{ "name": "2", "keywords": []},{ "name": "3", "keywords": []}]
x Bug: preview mode is still editable
x Add "Jobs in progress" and "saved job" sections
x Integrate OpenAI into resume editor
x Bug: add op for new items are not previewed before adding
x Clone resume editor for other documents [later]
x Update job details page: show “Review generated documents” with a collapsible to show list of documents. On click, the document is shown on the main side of the screen (or in a full screen modal on mobile). Show “Review prefilled forms” with list of questions and answers generated. On click, a list of questions and answer show where user can edit manually and with ai assistant. [later]
x Fix: remove op not working
x remove localStorage fallback
x use tailwind css
x resume preview and edit UI is bad. Updated resume preview and edit UI for better user experience, addressing previous design issues.
x move messages to db.
x how do we handle jobs that are not supported, we only support auto apply to jobs fron Handshake with resume/Transcript/cover letter
x what if user want to cancel job Application thats ongoing
x When i type "Check status" or "what's the status?", the agent should Understand the command.
x maybe time to add s3. user should be able to upload Transcript, maybe upload resume as pdf
x in review automation_level, the note is an important peice, but not all the notes are critical, too much is bad UX.
x in review automation_level, if there is a note you like to share with a user, allow them confirm before proceeding
x move types and interfaces to a single file like we did for constants
x wwe should allow user select level of Automation. some level allow us to present the generated artifacts to the user to confirm Before uploading
x we still cant apply in headless mode. fix that
x put in apis
x account for many users, not just one (for the profile)
x scrape from https://wmich.joinhandshake.com/jobs/<id>
x dont generate resume for jobs that dont require it
x Remember all the things we are generating are JSON (resume)/text (cover leter) first. store JSON/pdf and only convert to pdf when needed. this way users have the Opportunity to edit before using it.
x store some state to know users that are onboarding for the first time. Tell them what you can do first.
x after user send session details to the backend, we want to show some messge Automatically Confirming it on the chat page.
x when applying for job or doing some Processing, we need to keep the user engege with loading indication (showing details of What’s Happening)
x agent should be able to to add new info to my profile. e.g. i have not add my army status. it can add it if need be.
x when user asks you to apply for a job, if There’s some Something Contrary from the job Description and my profile e.g. i am not in the army, if a job is only for Those that served, inform me so that i dont apply blindly
